Adding pull request template and CODEOWNERS file (#46)
hashicorp-forge/hermes: .github/pull_request_template.md

**DELETE THIS TEMPLATE BEFORE SUBMITTING**

In the short term, there are several large changes planned for the Hermes project.
Before submitting a pull request we request that you submit a
[GitHub issue](https://github.com/hashicorp-forge/hermes/issues/new) first

> so maintainers can validate the change you may want to propose. This is to make sure

Reviewer: Wording nit
```suggestion
so maintainers can validate the proposed change. This is to make sure
```

there aren’t any conflicts with the upcoming plans for the project. As the
project becomes more stable over the next several releases, we think it
will become much easier to contribute.

> 
> - Describe the change
> - Include tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Maybe we can remove this for now and add checkboxes (or something) later?
